<h1><a href="https://www.wired.com/story/chatgpt-is-coming-for-classrooms-dont-panic/">"ChatGPT is Coming for Classrooms. Don't Panic" </a></h1>

<h2>Reflection</h2>
<p>ChatGPT has been a hot topic in the last few months and while its performance has proved to signal a new beginning for artificial intelligence, some worry that AI could replace many aspects of the normal life. The article mainly focuses on AI and its impact on education, which brings forth different opinions on whether AI can be beneficial or detrimental to learning.
<br/>
I believe AI in general, not specific to ChatGPT, is beneficial as it allows computers to produce an output that is generated from a large set of data, which is a task that is difficult to achieve for humans in a short amount of time. In terms of education, however, AI or ChatGPT simply won't be able to replace the experience of learning. From personal experience, learning or mastering something comes from the process rather than the result, and without the constant trial-and-errors it would not be possible for students or anyone to fully understand a topic. Although legislative actions on systems such as ChatGPT in school systems may be debatable, I do not think AI can replace traditional education systems.</p>

<h2>Anh Tran's Comment</h2>
<p>
    Hi, I think this article proposes a very interesting discussion. I agree with you that AI won't be able to replace the experience of learning and that AI can definitely be beneficial to learning. However, I do question whether AI can simultaneously be detrimental in some other aspects of learning. To me, I think learning requires experiencing difficulty and frustration in attempt to understand something you don't already know or have not experienced yet, especially through the process of completing assignments (in university, at least). However, with accessibility to AI technology such as ChatGPT, it can be easy to rely on ChatGPT to complete textual assignments within a matter of seconds. This may cause someone to become reliant on ChatGPT in the long run and maybe that could be detrimental, as it makes this individual moreso "lazy"? What do you guys think?
</p>